messy 
Three years ago my girlfriend at the time took me to the park to have a picnic. It was amazing. It was wonderful. She cooked the food for me. I love that 
Um, you know, a date that starts early, but ends of the next morning, if you know how to say. 
The gift of life. 
Oh my gosh. High School grade eight 2007. Everyone got roses, but me. I never said they have always made it a thing to get roses on Valentine's Day. 
No
I've been single for long so nothing, no love to me. Okay. 
When I travel with my ex girlfriend. I wear Diego. Yes. Yeah, but I remember I had a good time. 
I like traveling, like beach, like Cancun Cancun, like going to Cancun with my girlfriend will be good. 
give me house. 
is like just nothing, just I worked. That's it. That's my burnt eyes they don't. 
No
at the moment is boring. Because I have no one in my life or I will say I have no one I know but the moment. 
I will say, two years ago when I was in my then boyfriend and we just had the time to chill out from the noise. And just went away. And we had a good time. 
Basically, as long as we can do is good to the beach. Have some fun, chill run around and just enjoy the scenario the beach dusters it's, I'm good with that. 
I'm not someone that likes gifts. I just say you've been days you know for me, then fine. 
is probably been a learnable intensity
No
Boring
Netflix & chil
Blonde, tall, cute
Kisses 
Ask me again next week
No
Unnecessarily single.
We went out for a dinner with a group of single ladies.
Going to a beach or somewhere in the nature, listening to a chill music along with wine
A gift related to my area of interests/hobbies
I do not remember any bad Valentine's day memory because I particularly do not pay attention to it
No
Have a friend with benefits
At Disney world 
Nice food, nice music, at home or outdoor 
Jewel
Broke up at Valentine's Day 
No
Single
None
Eating our way around the city. 
Cash 
None
No
Single and so not ready to mingle 
I don't think anything 
Just hanging out with my favorite person doing something stupid 
Rings (not the wedding kind jeez) 
I don't have one either haha 
No
Single 
When I went to have lunch to my favorite restaurant and my favorite singer was there too 
Cheese and wine night watching a movie 
A trip to a nice place 
Alone in my house watching a movie 
No
non-existant 
My dad brought flowers to our elementary school for my sister and I 
spending time doing something new and fun together. like learning how to perform a new skill or cook a new meal. 
a gift that is useful so when i use i think of the person who gave it to me.
i don't have one. 
No
Single
Enoying the whole day in the house watching movies, cooking and having fun
A travel with my girlfiriend to a caribbean place
Massages
Spend time in the traffic or wait so much time to have a table in the dinner
No
empty 
I don't celebrate Valentine's day
unexpected and fun
an adventure activity or trip
I did a poem once, she made fun of it with her friends
No
Single and so not ready to mingle 
I don't think anything 
Just hanging out with my favourite person doing something stupid 
Rings (not the wedding kind jeez) 
I don't have one either haha 
No
SIngle and ready to mingle #pandemicvibes
Not having one 
long walk on the beach with yetis filled with white claw white sangria or margharitas
just being there 
my ex sending me a gift as a tactic to try to get me back after a third break up #toxic 
No
Absent
Took a flight and to visit her as a surprise
Having a cocktail in a place where we can speak and enjoy some time together
Time of the person I love. It could be a dinner, a trip, hang out, anything
Any Valentine's day I spent alone
No
No as the question and then I answered, or I just answer one after the other. So describe your life, life would be something I would like to spend the rest of my life have amazing kids with good vacations. 
Yep, that's what has been your favorite Valentine's Day, yet. Nobody can vacation to an island near my hometown. And we spent like a Valentine's weekend over there. That was an amazing beach time with a lot of seafood cocktails. That was a fun. 
Coming back home and having a good night. 
Good shows 
She never showed up. 
No
I would describe it as non existent. 
Oh, so this was a year ago. There are my friends and we're all single. And they did the most amazing thing to me, where they just decorated my home with little hearts, and like balloons and everything. 
That would be maybe some dinner at a restaurant with a nice view and then, I don't know. Drinking afterwards bottle of wine, whatever, have a nice coffee. 
chocolates
I feel like it's gonna be this year. I'm just not doing anything. I'm crying over some bad movie, eating ice cream. 
No.
I would say, in two words it is polyamorous and complicated. 
One time, that one of my current partners did not intrude on my date with my other partner that I was having my valentine with my perfect date.
Honestly, it's just one where, nobody's intruding on us, where, you know, not being bombarded by all my other partners over text and I can just enjoy my time with this one person because that's really what we're there to do but so many of them. 
One that I can read gift, so that I don't have to go out and buy gifts myself. 
That time that started a huge fight and that's really nice restaurant, totally ruined my outfit. Because I got locked in on by again another partner.
No
I would say it's very, very complicated and hard because my partner has a lot of other partners. I always get jealous on that. 
I don't have a favorite Valentine's Day because my partner always throwing and ruining it by going out with other partners. 
My perfect date is a date where she pays attention to me and not to her other partners on her phone, who constantly text. Every second minute. 
For me, the ideal gift is loyalty that my partner has. Yeah, just my partner being honest. 
It was in the, in this nice restaurant so I just walk in and I see my partner with some other guy and we just started a huge fight. And she started fighting go so I had to ruin her outfit. 
No
messy 
Three years ago my girlfriend at the time took me to the park to have a picnic. It was amazing. It was wonderful. She cooked the food for me. 
you know, a date that starts early, but ends of the next morning, if you know how to say. 
The gift of life. 
Oh my gosh. High School grade eight 2007. Everyone got roses, but me. I never said they have always made it a thing to get roses on Valentine's Day. 
no
My love life is I'm happily married for 20 years I have two daughters, and expecting a granddaughter. So, my love life is awesome. 
I cannot treat. Okay, Valentine's Day. Okay, it was the time when my husband took me to farmers market and got me all the greens 
My perfect date would be me lying on the couch and my husband rubbing my feet. 
I wouldn't mind a diamond ring. 
would be my husband giving me only a red rose and saying Happy Valentine's Day. 
No
I'm living in a small CTO, which has their own manufacturer of sanitizers, and lots of vegetables around my house. And people just coding coding coding, the full day in front of my bed.
I did not exactly remember but you know, probably, I will answer next time.
full table of vegetables and fruits no one touch their faces. Everyone just preparing some scripts and lectures. 
sanitizer for sure sanitizer sanitizer.
I do not exactly remember this day but I definitely remember that someone asked me Professor I have a question.
No
Well, actually, right now I'm engaged so I'm in a good time. I have been with another like boyfriend like for almost eight years and after that I, I need a new one, a new guy so I'm actually really happy right now. 
Maybe last year, not last year, I think, I was in London so yeah my boyfriend came for Valentine's Day, so that was a good one. 
Oh, it's a simple dinner
jewlery
I don't have one.
Yes
Its good but hard given that its long distance
the time my girlfriend organized a picnic in our living room with nice food and drinks.
Going out for dinner and drinks, then dancing, and then play it by ear.
the ideal gift for me is that which is not associated with a monetary value. It has to be something my partner has thought through and knows I would like. the devil is in the details as they say. 
my worst valentine memory was from back in high school, everyone was receiving something from someone and I did not receive any gifts or cards.
Yes
Single
Holiday in Paris
Me and him aline on the beach having dinner under the stars 
Flowers 
Staying home alone 
Yes
Recently married
First Valentine's Day with my husband when we first started dating. We visited our favorite places in the city, got snacks, and stayed at a hotel.
My perfect date is eating at my favorite restaurant or visiting somewhere new and eating more delicious food together.
Snacks/Chocolate/Spicy Chips
Went on a date in high school with my secret bf and my best friend at the time also came and third wheeled on our movie date. Also worst kiss ever at the end of the day HA
Yes
Engaged
Picnic with my girlfriend
A whole day in disney
Clothes or videogames
We had to cancel everything because of work
Yes
Full of love 
Venise 
When you spend good time with who you love 
A look 
Separation
Yes
Married
Last year my husband made a weekend trip during Valentine's day to visit wineries and the beach.
Dinner at a restaurant and going to see a new movie in the theatre or a live concert.
I enjoy receiving gifts that involve experiences, especially if it is a new experience.
Before we were married, we were long distance for a year and that was the worst Valentine's Day because we couldn't celebrate the holiday together, which was also our first Valentine's Day.
Yes
In a relation
Traveling
go dinner, good wine and food 
a ticket 
i broke my leg
Yes
Single and ready to mingle
with my cat
with my cat
cat food
without my cat
Yes
Single but I have a crush 
Don't have it at all
Laughing and having fun
An experience 
Don't have it. 
Yes
Its a roller coaster filled with warmth, happiness, satisfaction and lots and lots of love, support and respect for each other.
had gone for 8hour long bike ride and it rained but the journey did not end.
a cozy evening with my boyfriend where we sit,eat,talk,tease and discuss our future plans for life together.
Time and Attention from my partner.. Nothing beats that..
The one when we fought because we were unable to decide for a place to dine in..
Yes
Single, just broke up
A blindsight dinner /party 
Sharing about each other's lives in an outside place
An experience together
Can't remember one 
Yes
She is very cute, nice and lovely person.
Dinner in our home
Eating out and wandering together 
Electronic device or sport stuff 
Doing nothing
Yes
Open relationship
Making a valentines cake at my boyfriends house. 
Full day of mix between adventure, exercise, food and lots of talking. I will get to know the person better if I'm able to see different aspects of their personality. 
An experience 
I don't have. If the date goes wrong I fix it or provide ideas to make it better and fun.
Yes
Engaged and living together. Planning for wedding after COVID. Been together for 2 years and have an equal partnership and support each other to be the best version of ourselves. Have love, fun and adventures together. 
Received a surprise love letter with a heart felt message. 
Walking the streets of Paris, seeing artist's work and ending the day at a quaint cafe with a wonderful meal and champange
A love letter and something that sparkle
No memory of a bad Valentine's day
Yes
The love life is very interesting, stable and can be sometimes complicated the others. 
My favorite in Brazil we don't celebrate Valentine's Day in the same day as when it's celebrated in the United States. But last year my boyfriend sent me flowers on Valentine's Day, and unfortunately they didn't get here on time. But it was like really nice Valentine's Days gift. So it was pretty much my first one. 
Would it be going to the beach in the morning, doing something for lunch, and maybe enjoying the afternoon somewhere. Going on a movie or going to a party later with some friends get drunk. 
a playlist maybe something related to music, 
The one that my boyfriend forgot about it. 
Yes.
uneventful. Yeah. 
they've all been pretty much the same. I haven't ever had a day on Valentine's, and I don't plan on having a day on Valentine's. One is where I laid in bed, went through Instagram for like nine hours straight and then when you know made food and then went right back to bed. It was perfect couldn't have asked for anything more. 
either a day where we get stuff done. So like if there's like work or something that needs to be done, then that's about the find orders go into like a cafe, like a small smallish cafe against coffee, maybe go to a bakery afterwards, get some nice food. And that's all great. 
one of these. It's a small little flashy toy with a face on it. It's a little sushi, and it's a. This is the best purchase I've ever made in my life and if anyone wants to mail me one. My address is 2993 months street apartment 415, I would appreciate that. 
the one we're laid in bed and went to Instagram for nine hours straight. 
Yes 
I met my wife. When during my work, keep contact and after the charge and go back missing. Keep contacting a restaurant. Again, so my wife. 
The my favorite, time, time the Ross I think we have a deal, my wife, my wife to be on the boat. I think signals. Too much. My wife is sending pressure me again. 
The thing did was acquire planes at some wine some, some restaurant in your area. And ideally for me.
I don't particularly have any preference will be. 
when you're like, we have a fight. And now we have a bad month that he didn't even celebrate. 
Yes
love life is off the hook son I've got like five girlfriends right now and it's going on So
Well this one girlfriend of mine from Las Vegas. Put roses in the tub for us and we're having some pain it was so wonderful. That was last year.
It has to be a short lady I love my women shots. And if they were black, that's a bonus.
I'm a cars man. So if there's a woman who can afford to buy me a car, that'll be great.
That's my sometime in 1985. The restaurant did not book my did not make my reservation correctly. So I was embarrassed in front of what model that I just found.
Yes.
I would say, pretty non existent. But that was okay. 
So is a long time ago but my dad and I used to do like father daughter day dances every Valentine's Day. When I was like, between five to like 10 years old and those are super fun. 
I like to go hiking so probably like hiking and then a picnic would be great. 
I like flowers. I like jewelry but I'm pretty picky so probably flowers or chocolate or candy is the most safe, 
Oh gosh, I can't remember any that's been really really bad. But, oh you know what I think one time somebody sent me something or I got this giant bear from someone who I didn't know. And I was mortified because I didn't know them the whole day, only to find out that I went to the wrong person. So I felt even worse that like I was so scared I was like I don't know this person Why did they send me this but then it was like it went to the wrong person so that was a little bit relieving but then that person never got their Valentine never got their gifts so that was kind of sad. 
Yes.
My love life is pretty good, a year in and. And yeah, I don't have much to complain to be honest. 
Yet, the previous one, because it was with my girlfriend. So, we can't bad right. 
Perfect dates right now we'd be on a hot balloon. Just looking over Cappadocia. 
Something meaningful but not expensive. Something that makes that makes it unique, without having to spend much money on it because money is just material, in my opinion. 
To be honest, it's not like I had that many Valentine's Day experiences. The worst one would probably be one that I completely destroyed because I went on to topics that I should not have been talking about. 
Yes
Well oh my god, I mean, I've been married for, let's say, 10 years and now like to my my place that I'm like, What am I doing, you know, it's just kind of. It got to a point that it's, it's been boring my husband. He's just he doesn't think about me. He doesn't send me flowers, it's just I'm feeling miserable about that. 
When we first met with my husband. Probably like our third day or fourth date was Valentine's Day and we weren't that close by then, but you know he, like he took me to a picnic and then there was like roses and everything. It was really romantic. 
I think I will give the same, same answer for this long that was a that was a perfect but for me like you know some picnic. You know romantic flowers and you know that's that's the best
Of course, diamonds. I mean, I would love to have a diamond from my husband, but he doesn't do that too often, you know he has the money to cover that I mean he can do it but he doesn't I don't know maybe he's doing for some other woman and I'm trying to like you know think about that but yeah it's definitely diamonds. 
Well, I guess it was two years ago, my husband didn't remember, or he remembered but he didn't do anything like we picked this huge fight it was terrible like it was the worst Valentine's day for me.
Yes 
I like a simple love life. Something that's.
Well, Mahadev mean special Valentine's Day yet, so I wouldn't have one as a
Maybe some wine party or anywhere around nature,
nothing so extravagant.
maybe a supercar will be an ideal gift for me.
yes
messy
just like hanging out with the girls getting wine drunk and watching ROM coms.
dinner and sunset and then if we're really fancy and movie, and then, you know,
wine, or flowers
I don't have one yet. Like I've never had a bad one 
Yes
full of ups and downs, I would say, it's never something, you know, steady
seven or eight years ago, when we're, you know, still teenagers.
I would say something, you know, casual something, you know, not over, over the top.
I would say something small, not so much of a real value you know monetary value to something sentimental
I don't know, I've, I've never really had a bad, you know, Valentine's Day
yes
It's a lot of ups and downs but so far so good.
It was a couple of years back when I took a vacation on Valentine's Day
something super casual, maybe even like just a movie night movie and wine night.
Anything that's very thoughtful in their perspective.
Haven't had a bad one yet.
Yes
I would say that I'm currently single. I got out of a two year long term relationship. Last summer, so it took some time to process dead and I think I'm at the point where I'm ready to put myself out there
My favorite Valentine's Day was probably last year. I ended up going to a hotel in Houston with my girlfriend at the time. And we visited this city around there that had had Vietnamese crawfish at the end it was really nice and we had a lot of fun.
I'd probably be have some time to walk with them to one of my favorite bars in London. It has an amazing view of the skyline there and the owner knows me, so he always takes care of me always gives me a free drink which makes me look really good in front of the the girl that I'm taking out, and then get to know them over you know some of the bar snacks and then a couple of drinks if it's going well and I feel like they're progressing I'll either go to another bar or end up having dinner with that person. Smile and know them over a more quiet environment so that's good and then at the end, I want some opportunity to walk with the media to their bus stop or something get a feel for the person, and how the connection is and then that's a question of the ideal gift for me. I, I always feel a little bit uncomfortable receiving gifts, don't get me wrong I like them. It's the gift is really good. It just makes me feel like just really quiet and taken back. I like it it's just I'm uncomfortable getting gifts. 
It would probably be something that's useful. Probably something technology related that I can use every day, doesn't have to be anything expensive but something that, you know, I can get good use out of, or if it's something personal and made for me that that really makes me quiet.
I guess I had an argument we went on my first girlfriends and no matter what I did it was never good enough. This year, yeah, I'm going to celebrate it, either by myself. I'm going to take the time to reflect on what love means to me and, and what kind of person I want to be and what kind of partner I want to be. 
Yes
Currently in a relationship
I didn't really celebrate it that much in the past so I guess. Last year because it was very personal very sweet with the first one I actually love
going to the beach enjoying the sunset having some drinks some snacks are really romantic day
I'm not sure I'm very complicated in that but I think something very personal, that you can keep you know like something mindful that is just for for a long time that is really something I would appreciate very much
I don't like I said I didn't really celebrate Valentine's Day before that much but I guess I don't know, we can say something like spending it with my mom was nice in its way but it wasn't the best.
Yes
So, I'm seeing a guy for three months no. So, I hope to celebrate by going in with him. And I don't know what he has in mind, but I already bought my gift. 
I always been really unlucky for Valentine's Day. I don't know why but we always broke out like few days before and I always ended up single and lonely on Valentine Day
My perfect data would be making something close to the ocean. 
And I really like jewelry so whatever kind of jewelry for me is an amazing gift. Especially if he's like silver color. 
I always been really unlucky for Valentine's Day. I don't know why but we always broke out like few days before and I always ended up single and lonely on Valentine Day
yes
Great, I have a very wonderful partner who is really honest and caring about me so yeah.
Well I don't know what he has planned for me, for my Valentine's Day and because we just recently met, togethers only six months now so I don't know whether it's going to become my favorite or it will be mostly normal. 
my perfect date would be very romantic and peaceful
Oh, what is whatever he gives me, like, I don't have specific thing in my mind, or whatever he gives a gift for me, so I will accept whatever my partner will bring from because he has given me so it will be special. 
if it would not be celebrated then it would be the worst Valentine's day for me. 
yes
hard to describe. I just hope I can be peaceful
I think in my college. One time, a lot, a lot of my friends and my classmates. We had a super interesting party, not only for for me and my girlfriend 
The most prepared in advance and organized date. That's perfect. 
Anew computers
one time, I lost my wallet, I could not pay for my girlfriend
Yes
Well I'm currently married. I've been married for two and a half years now. 
I guess it's one that I went in, have dinner with my wife in a movie. 
I guess going somewhere to get to dinner and good talk. 
And the gift will be maybe a chocolate box or something, something I can eat my words
I guess one day I was alone I was not dating anyone so I didn't celebrate anything. This June. 
Yes.
it would be just to be happy and to be happy with my partner.
It was one the person that I liked actually found out that I liked her, and I knew that she liked me back so. 
would be just to be with my girlfriend, and having dinner, having a very good conversation laughing and enjoying. 
it will be just to get dinner or to be with that person, nothing physical 
probably the one that I didn't celebrate at all.
Yes.
My love life is fine. 
I think, two or three years back that I celebrated with my friends. And that was good. 
is having a nice dinner at my favorite restaurant. 
chocolates. 
I don't have any worst Valentine's Day now. So I think all of those were good.
Yes.
I have a boyfriend currently. So, that's it.
it was when I was in high school clothes, it was like the whole day about it is pretty fun and then after school you, we always had like a Valentine's Day with my friends. So it was really nice and fun.
it would be at a restaurant at the beach after going for a walk on the beach.
I like a personal gift something that you know the person actually knows you. It could be something simple like a card or chocolate, doesn't matter but something personal.
I don't think I've ever had like a worst Valentine's day that I can remember and make the best out of every situation, I guess. 
Yes.